Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Everyone!
Let’s celebrate
Love Live School Idol Festival’s
5th Anniversary!
Now...
when you imagine their 5th Anniversary...
what do you all
think they would do...
to celebrate?
That’s right!
“Choose a member!
Limited Box Scouting”!
I’m gonna do it, right?
On top of that...!
On top of that!
“Bokutachi wa Hitotsu no Hikari”!
(We Are A Single Light)
The set for this
is now out
for a limited time!
Please watch the following!
There are two choices here!
There’s the “Choose your member! Limited Box Scouting”
and on top of this
there’s the “5th Anniversary Limited Box Scouting”!
The truth is...
before this video...
I already did my scouting with the “Choose a member” box
And with what results!?
With 33 tries...
being three tries of the 11 Scouts...
2 URs
were what I got! Congrats, me!!
However!
However, there’s a however to this!
This-
The members of the “Bokutachi wa Hitotsu no Hikari” box
are randomly drawn
from the third years!
Not just Nico-chan! Though Nico-chan’s friends are super cute, my best girl is Nico-chan
and I didn’t pull her!!
So due to that...
I thought, “I’ve gotta keep going on until I win~”
and so
since I’ve come this far...
I thought I’d leave
this box for the video
This time, I’ll definitely
be able to do it
I’ll keep going until
I have scouted eight times!
And by the halfway point
I’ll show you all
and get two URs!
Now then, let’s get started!
A.I.Channel
I can do this, I might even get one in the first try!
Nico Nico Ni~
Ah, that Elichika card was so cute!
A Nico-ni...
SR...
SR…?
Hm?
What!?
What, what?
Ah!
But, but!
Hmm?
Isn’t this Non-tan (Nozomi) card
that one card?
Ah, maybe I’m wrong...
The one that turns into Rapunzel...
Ah
I’m wrong
Alright, let’s cheer up!
It’s a whole new scout!
I can do this!
I won’t explode and die!
MMMM!?
I haven’t even gotten a Nico-ni SR...
Huh?
Ah, but!
Ah, so cute!
But-but I haven’t gotten Nico-ni at all…!
But- well, well, well!
I’m still waiting for Nico-chan’s card from her birthday set!
That’s right...
I’m aiming for it!
That UR!
Alright!
I can still be calm about this
AHHN!?
Hm?
This is the third time...
No...
I need to stay under control, under control
I’m sure
it’d be strange
if these
two URs
popped out
in just three scouts
since they normally
do not
Alright
One, two, three!
Nico-chan is so cute!
Go, go, go, go, go!!
AHH!!
Ah! Ah! That’s not it!
Ah, but
it might be an
SSR Nico-ni
It might be Nico-ni?
Nico-chan hasn’t appeared at all
So strange!
Ahh!
I have so many of those cards!
I have so many of those
Thank you, but I have so many of them!!
I can still do this
It’ll be fine
I can do this
I can, I can, I can!
I’m under control, under control!
AHHHN!?
...What?
Huh?
Where’s my Nico-ni SR?
You know...
I’m really happy with all the other members of μ's
but is just one Nico-ni card too much to ask?
Huh?
This is getting bad!
There’s only three turns left, right?
I’ll be able to turn it around
Nico-chan loves me, so I’ll do it for sure!
Yeah
I can do this!
Nico-chan is so cute, Nico-chan is so cute!
OOOOHH!!
Wait, but!
Um…!
Co-?
AHHHH!
So cute!
No-!
She’s cute
She’s cute, but!
She’s cute, but
I’m going insane, I’m going insane
Ah
Nico-ni, Nico-Nico
Ah...
I’m going- I’m going mad
I’m going mad, I’m going mad-
Haha! *inhales*
I really seem insane!
I’m going mad!
I’m going insane!
I’m going insane and it’s not good!
Not good!
Not good at all~!
I can do this!
Two more tries!
I can do it!
Please!
Please, please, please!
Ahh!
I’m actually going to go insane!
I’m actually going to go insane!!
[ She’s already insane ]
I’m going insane
for a UR
UR
Nico-ni
Nico-ni~
What?
What??
Ah? Huh?
Ah!
I see
I see!
This is just…
I get it now!
You can get all of them as just normal Rs...
Wow...
I see...
I see, so with this...
You aren’t...
You aren’t guaranteed an SR when you do an 11 Scout
Wow...
I’m hyperventilating...
One more time
Y’know-
I get it-
This is so bad
This is so bad, c’mon
Wait a second-
Just wait a second-
AHHH, I LOVE YOU, NICO-NIN!
You’re so cute!
You’re so cute!!
Nico-nin is the best idol!
AHHHHHH!!
BUT I DON'T #&$%*¥!!
Hahh…!
AAHHH!
Hold on!
I don’t understand!
If she doesn’t come now...
If she doesn’t come now, then I’m gonna go insane!
Ah! She came but…!
AHHH!!
Oh my...
Wow, suddenly I got more love gems!
I’m so happy~
LET’S GO~!
She’ll come out!
She’ll definitely come out!
Nico-ni, I love you!
NICO-NI, I LOVE YOU!!
I LOVE YOU!
AHHH!!
I JUST DON’T UNDERSTAND!
*hyperventilating* I DON’T UNDERSTAND!
I DON’T UNDERSTAND!!
HANAYO-CHAN IS CUTE AND SO IS MAKI-CHAN BUT…!
AHH, THERE’S A NICO-NI SR!!
Ah…!
She’s cute!
She’s cute but where’s the UR?
I’m going insane, going insane!
Ohoohoo!
Going insane, going insane!
THIS IS SO WEIRD~!
Huh?
Huh??
Ah, but she’s so cute
She’s so cute, but...!!
I just don’t understand…!
Huh?
With this-
Now I'm half way through, everyone
Now I'm half way through
It’s probably since Nico-ni is a tsundere!
Since she’s such a tsundere!
Such a tsundere! I can do it, I can do it, I can do it!
AHH!
Calm down!
Alright! One, two!
Nico Nico Ni~!
AH! AH!
I DID IT!
WAIT A SECOND!
I GOT IT! I GOT IT!
Ah!
I got her!
Nico-ni
Nico-ni!?
*more hyperventilating* Nico-ni
AHHH!!
IT’S HER!!
I DID IT!!
I did it!
*inhales* I got her!
I got her~!
I got her!
Ahh! I love her!
Ahh! I love her!!
She’s so cute~
Ahh, so cute~
Ah, but~
She’s so cute~
And wouldn’t she...
look even better...
Idolised~?
So cute~
Let’s get to it!
Right away!
Let’s idolise...
Let’s idolise her right away!
Congratulations, me!
Ahh!
Ahh!!
So cluttered!
Now then!
It’s time
to idolise her~!
SHE’S SO CUTE~!
She’s so cute!
Ahh!!
Hype me up!
Hype me up, up!
Alright!
I have four Nico-ni’s!
I have four pure Nico-ni’s!
Ahh, she’s so cute!
So, so, so, so, so!!
Ahhh!
It’s as I thought!
Nico-ni came back to me in the end!
Ahh, she’s so cute~
Ah~ cutie~
So!
This has been me
keeping on going!
Defending my account to the last!
And so, I’ll keep trying my best with my English
and take on Level 3!
Level 3~
I’ll work hard to reach a 60/100 or 70/100
Listen, listen!
In July...
I’ll be scouting
for Nico-ni’s
birthday as well~
and keep on scouting
until I pull her UR~!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Timed by Loserbait